feat(vitest): [titleValidity] add rule (#3191)
flint-fyi/flint: packages/site/src/content/docs/rules/vitest/titleValidity.mdx

declare function getTitle(): unknown;

it(getTitle(), () => {
	// ...
});
```

```ts
declare const config: { title: unknown };

it(config.title, () => {
	// ...
});
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule with the `{ "allowArguments": true }` option:

```ts
declare const title: unknown;

it(title, () => {
	// ...
});
```

### `disallowedWords`

Words that are not allowed to appear in titles.
Defaults to `[]`.

Words are matched case-insensitively on word boundaries, against the title string only.
Because of the word boundaries, `"skip"` does not match a title containing `skipped`.

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule with the `{ "disallowedWords": ["skips"] }` option:

```ts
it("skips the empty case", () => {
	// ...
});
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule with the `{ "disallowedWords": ["skips"] }` option:

```ts
it("ignores the empty case", () => {
	// ...
});
```

### `ignoreTypeOfDescribeName`

Whether to skip checking the type of `describe()` titles.
Defaults to `false`.

Examples of **correct** code for this rule with the `{ "ignoreTypeOfDescribeName": true }` option:

```ts
declare const value: unknown;

describe(typeof value, () => {
	// ...

> });

Reviewer: This example is not what the vitest equivalent option permits (or what the description above describes.

```

### `mustMatch`

Regular expressions that titles must match, optionally with a custom message.
Not set by default.

> A string or a `[pattern, message]` pair applies to `describe`, `it`, and `test` alike.

Reviewer: Is there a reason we've deviated from the API of the eslint equivalent of this option?  I.e. having a pattern/message array instead of having an array of regexes?

> An object applies a separate pattern per function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using an object with `describe`, `it`, and/or `test` properties, you can apply a different match pattern for each function:
```
